Autonomous vehicles are the vehicles that can guide itself without human conduction or any human’s interference. This kind of vehicle has become a concrete reality and may pave the way for future systems where computers take over the art of driving. Autonomous vehicles or vehicular automation involve the use of mechatronics, artificial intelligence, and a multi-agent system to assist a vehicle's operator. Additionally, vehicles which are using automation for difficult tasks, especially navigation, may be referred to as semi-autonomous. One another thing, vehicles relying solely on automation are consequently referred to as robotic or autonomous. Therefore, a variety of automated functions are being applied subsequently to automobiles and other vehicles by manufacturers or researchers. What autonomous vehicles can do is they are already doing what they need to do. They are incorporating multiple sub-systems for elements of the autonomous driving. For instance, auto parking, lane monitoring, speed, and distance monitoring, reverse monitoring and control, video and sensors for the 360-degree view from the car are all the “things” that they can already do. Furthermore, it just still a theory, a vehicle is being built up with a huge data store of what to do in the event of various driving experiences, and what the human drivers have done to react to what the autonomous systems cannot yet. Autonomous cars use various kinds of technologies. They can be built with GPS sensing knowledge to help with navigation or may use sensors and other equipment to avoid collisions in the future. They can also have the ability to use a range of technology known as augmented reality, where a vehicle displays information to drivers in new and innovative ways. The stage of the autonomous vehicles is separated into different levels:
Level 0: No automation.
Level 1: Driver assistance - The vehicle can control either steering or speed autonomously in specific circumstances to assist the driver.
Level 2: Partial automation - The vehicle can control both steering and speed autonomously in specific circumstances to assist the driver.
Level 3: Conditional automation - The vehicle can control both steering and speed autonomously under normal environmental conditions but requires driver oversight.
Level 4: High automation - The vehicle can complete a journey autonomously under normal environmental conditions, not requiring driver oversight.
Level 5: Full autonomy - The vehicle can complete a trip autonomously in any environmental conditions.

The impacts of this technology are obvious. If we take a look at the negative side, it is safety.  According to some articles, Google’s autonomous car has crashed in Mountain View so many critics have jumped to the conclusion that the whole idea behind autonomous vehicles in logistics is unsafe. After that incident, if we again take a look at the positive side, there is a significant thing that everyone forgot when they were too focused on the result. And that is Google’s autonomous car has driven more than 1,4 million miles, without having a single incident. Isn’t that a wonderful record? Some statistics showed that drivers are responsible for 94% of car accidents worldwide, it’s not hard to conclude that replacing a human driver with a computer will reduce the number of car accidents and make roads safer. But what else will the autonomous vehicle technology change in the next few decades? The answer is being deeply studied by researchers and time is just an issue whether they find out sooner or later. Many people outside this industry don’t know that autonomous vehicles in logistics have already taken on a significant part of the logistics work process. We can say most of the autonomous robots or likewise are likely between Level 3 and Level 4 of autonomy levels. According to a reliable source on Twitter claimed that the self-driving tech industry just ran into yet another issue. The subject is some self-driving car systems have trouble detecting “darker skin”. Georgia Tech researchers found “ uniformly poorer performance of those systems” with darker skin types when testing with the pedestrian’s imitation program. The cause is there are still some autonomous vehicles heavily relying on cameras to detect the surrounding environments, so they, somehow cannot clearly tell the difference apart from the details. If the autonomous vehicle revolution lives up to the expectations of futurists and forecasters, its effects will be far-reaching. Therefore, a wide range of industries will also be changed for better or worse as they adapt to a world where people can easily move from one destination to another in computerized pods. As autonomous vehicle technology advances, commuters and others (especially in cities) are expected to no longer need their own cars and can rely on a fleet of driverless vehicles to ferry them to and from work, home, or wherever they need to go. It’s much more convenient, right? Because the reason for the technology evolution is to make our life get easier than in the past. Insurance companies will have to bear a burden since car crashes are expected to decline, so they will surely be a “victim” of this tech as well.
Once the autonomous vehicles technology rises up, if it was already totally fine, which means there will have a minimum of accidents( nearly under 1%), that will be a “breakthrough” in my daily life. So be prepared to say goodbye to pollution, and welcome autonomous transportations as a service. No need to be afraid of getting to work late ever and my safety or my family’s, friends’s will be the 1st priority. Just need to think of it, that was way too awesome. But, this will be very very bad if an autonomous vehicle is “hacked”, because what is created by humans also destroyed by humans as well. The more sophisticated the technologies are, the more danger of hackers are.
