The term “cloud” is software or services that delivered over the Internet. In network diagrams, the complexity of the Internet was reduced down to a simple cloud icon. Therefore, the focus was on the servers, devices, and switches IT professionals for which were responsible and the Internet was beyond the horizon of what they needed to worry about from an architecture standpoint. A software which is stored in and runs from someone’s local hard-drive is not the cloud because one of the requirements of the cloud computing is that the software, the underlying code, and the supporting infrastructure must be delivered via the internet and must run over it. There is an advance type version of the cloud is “private cloud”, which is more likely to refer to those upgraded data center, and usually exists only for each one company. Moreover, there are 3 basic types of services: Software as a service (SaaS), Infrastructure as a service (IaaS), Platform as a service (PaaS). Cloud services also provide great flexibility in provisioning, duplicating and scaling resources to balance the requirements of users, hosted applications and solutions.
Overall, cloud services refer to the services that are provided and accessed from a cloud computing provider, storage/backup data from a web browser without prior installation. 
Severs in IT are a computer program that provides functionality for other programs. They can also provide various functionalities, often called "services". For example, sharing data, resources or likewise, and performing computation among multiple programs( or so-called “clients”). There are many typical servers are database servers, game servers, webs servers and so on. The server is part of the client-server model; in this model, a server serves data for those clients. Certainly, the purpose of a server is to share data as well as to share resources and distribute work. However, each type of server has its own purposes but they all have some specific features in common. Every computer on the internet needs to have a unique Internet Protocol (IP) Address. It’s more similar to your street address, just like a post office knows your address to deliver your stuff, the Internet knows which address is yours to send correct data among millions of addresses. When you send a web request, your request goes to the main server first. The main server then makes your web request on your behalf, collects the response from the web server, and forwards you the web page data so you can see the page in your browser. A  server can change your IP address, so the web server doesn’t know exactly where you are in the world. Because it can encrypt your data, so your data is unreadable in transit. And lastly, a server can also have rights to block access to certain web pages, based on IP address. Besides the IP address, LAN (local area network) is a computer network that interconnects computers within a limited area such as a residence, school, laboratory, university campus or office building. Therefore, without LAN, we cannot connect to each other. Moreover, Ethernet and WiFi are the two most common technologies in use for Local Area Networks
In recent years there’s been a lot of talk about cloud computing and cloud storage and almost everything in the digital world is connected to the cloud in some way or another, unless it’s specifically kept in local storage for security reasons. The impact in the future of cloud services represents a combination of cloud-based software products due to the benefits of leveraging the infrastructure of a large cloud provider, it can be beneficial in many ways. In the future, every business will be operating primarily from the cloud, making way for more flexible, yet more productive and efficient ways of working. According to Tom Gillis, Founder & CEO of Bracket Computing(2019): “The future of the cloud is a radically different hybrid cloud computing model in which isolated workloads can flex up or down, span multiple public clouds, be moved at any time, and be managed with a single set of controls.”
When it comes to the server, it usually contains lots of impacts. For example, a server can allow for very large networks without too much drama as isolated hosts don't see traffic from one another. Or a server can spread the viruses to all other clients if the level of security of that server is not strong enough which may cause the server broke down or leak a great deal of information.
Many people have been affecting by the evolution of technology, especially businessmen, teachers, and IT-ers. They all have to change, adapt to the new “environment”, or else, they will be left behind. Businessmen have to think of new tactics fitted with the technology; teachers, lecturers have to keep learning new upraising knowledge and so do the IT-ers. Furthermore, there is a huge number of unemployed because they don’t have enough qualifications or the new tech makes them redundant.
In my daily life, this could be affected a lot to everyone, even me. I cannot access anything I want if there are no any safety servers. Just imagine every website or webpages are full of potential risks, that could be difficult for me to continue to blend in the society. About my future career, if the speed of cloud services increasing too fast, and I cannot catch up with it, I could be a victim of others if they clearly knew about it and tried to steal my private assets. It could be the worst if the terrorist knew how to make use of the technology, wasn’t it? The potential risks of the Internet are very wide and deep. Bad things would come if I didn’t have little knowledge about those.
