A robot is a machine, especially one programmable by a computer that capable of carrying out a complex series of actions automatically. Robots can be guided by an external control device or the control may be embedded within. They may be constructed on the lines of the human form, but most of them are machines designed to perform a task with no regard to their aesthetics. A robot can be either autonomous or semi-autonomous and range from humanoids such as medical operating robots, patient assists robots, dog therapy robots, collectively programmed nano robots. By mimicking a lifelike appearance or automating movements, a robot may convey a sense of intelligence or thought of its own, yet still under human control. Speaking of robots, we have to go deeper to other branches of it: robotics. The branch of technologies that deal with the design, construction, operation, and application of robots, as well as computer systems for their control, sensory feedback, and information processing is robotics. Moreover, these technologies deal with automated machines that can take the place of humans in dangerous environments or manufacturing processes, or resemble humans in appearance, behavior, or cognition. Many of today's robots are inspired by nature contributing to the field of bio-inspired robotics. Nowadays, robots have replaced humans in performing repetitive and dangerous tasks which humans prefer not to do, or are unable to do because of size limitations, or which take place in extreme environments such as outer space or the bottom of the sea. In general, robots tend to possess some or all of the following abilities and functions: accept electronic programming, process data or physical perceptions electronically, operate autonomously to some degree, move around, operate physical parts of itself or physical processes, sense and manipulate their environment, and exhibit intelligent behavior, especially behavior which mimics humans or other animals. 
People have recently wondered:” What can robots be able to do in the future?” Then here is the answer. According to researches, by 2025, robots will perform 25% of all labor tasks or even more. Another reason, robots will be used as medical assistants,  teaching aids, constructions, many many types of fields; even bank accountants or secretaries will be replaced by humanoid robots.
Of course, when talking about robots, it will come along with a variety of affection. With the advances in robotics and chemicals sensor research in the last decade, many interesting robotic applications are born out. Searching and rescuing operations, safety, and control operations on airports or industrial plants, and humanitarian demining, robots have taken a huge part in those and the results are unexpectable. Its impact has affected considerably. Imagine sitting at your computer and controlling a video game character through a mall or market, except it's not a game, it's a robot shopping for you in Japan, America while you sit comfortably in your home. With a live video and audio feed, so you could haggle, you drive a legged humanoid robot about your size so you get a good sense of what would fit, and afterward, you go for a walk to see what the countryside has to offer. Driving the increase in public interest in robotics and automation is both a fascination with the potential of these technologies to change our lives and a fear of the impact of automation which is including robotics, on jobs. As well as jobs, the growth of robotics will also affect many other industries. In a recent report from Berg Insight, the robot base is expected to install 264.3 million units by 2026 in the service industry only. Humanoid robots, being one of the smallest groups of service robots, have the greatest potential to become the industrial tool of the future. Softbank Robotics-a company which producing robots, have created human-looking robots to fill engineering tasks. NASA is building robots that are powered by two Intel Core i7 computers, and the head houses lidar sensors, cameras, and a Multisense SL camera to continually scan the surrounding objects and environments. With the Multisense camera combines laser, 3D stereo, and video to sense the environment and hazard cameras look ahead and behind from the torso to detect possible dangers. Unfortunately, the more technology develops, the more jobs will become redundant. Robots replace humans to do the simplest tasks to impossible. Therefore, unemployment could be the most debating topic even in this era, not even in the future. But it’s not always the worst, besides losing some jobs, it could also create more new, unique jobs that do not exist in the past.
If this works in the future, not only my daily life but hundreds and billions of people’s lives will get benefits from this development as well. It’d way too convenient and comfortable when everything is automatic. When I’m feeling not good, I’d be diagnosed immediately whether I get sick or likewise. When I want to go somewhere, I’d not need to wait for transportation media, just in a short amount of time, I could get to the location I want; or else, I don’t need to get out of the house to buy stuff, just some simple tasks then I can get what I want.
